I want to look at some kind of environmental indicator about people in society in terms of how conscious they might be about climate change. Most of my academic interests revolve around sustainability, so this was a pretty standard direction for me. I want to learn about how much other people care about climate change, or gain some context into that. I'm aware that I live in a bubble, being in the heart of the pacific northwest, a progressive front.
Information about how certain regions or people think about climate change is crucial to responding correctly to it. Spending more money and time on education would be pointless in places where everyone is very cognizant of climate change. Investing in clean energy might require cheaper prices in some places, and might be more lucrative and/or lenient in other places. Today, we are in a do-or-die situation with climate change. Every bit of efficiency helps.
I found a dataset from the US data.gov site on clean vehicle ownership. https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/electric-vehicle-population-data. It is also in this notebook. The data has Washington DOL registration on electric vehicles, with the make and model of the car, the county and city it was registered in, and more.
I think I can get a lot from this dataset alone. From taking a look at, it seems that the data is complete, and not missing values in columns, so it will be very easy to work with.
This data can indicate which areas of Washington state have more electric vehicle ownership than others. I can compare this with voting information, population information, or other datasets. It has a lot of potential to work with, and I am excited to look into it and analyze it.